"O’Neill uncovered evidence that Los Angeles-area law enforcement investigators mishandled multiple aspects of the Manson case. O’Neill also claims that the Los Angeles Police Department destroyed records from the 1969 homicide investigation. However, the author concedes that attorney Vincent Bugliosi, a prosecutor in the Manson Family murder trial, may simply have forgotten to return the documents, which he used to write his 1976 book on the Manson Family, Helter Skelter."

O’Neill acknowledges that it’s possible that Bugliosi was the cause of the missing documents. However, he assumes that if Bugliosi were responsible for these documents going missing, that it would have been a case of him forgetting to return the documents after using them for research. This fails to consider the possibility that Bugliosi destroyed the documents, which he is not unlikely to do given his other misconduct, at least not if the documents in question could discredit the Helter Skelter theory and subsequently kill Bugliosi’s book. That would make this not a police coverup, but prosecutorial misconduct for purely self-serving reasons. This could be used in the third paragraph, then referenced in the conclusion to justify the counter theory that all the weirdness was due to [[Bugliosi's Corruption]] and [[Roger Smith's Corruption]].

Coontz, Lauren. “The Strange Case of Charles Manson and the CIA’s LSD Research.” _Coffee or Die Magazine_, Black Rifle Coffee Company, 12 Feb. 2022, coffeeordie.com/charles-manson-cia. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023.
