“Hatami described Whitson as a ‘mystery man.’ O’Neill found this characterization was universal among Whitson’s close friends and family, including his ex-wife and daughter, who all agreed that he was some kind of spy working either for the CIA or some front organization… Judging from some of Whitson’s high-level associates, it’s hard to believe that he was just a run-of-the-mill conman—or even an ordinary CIA functionary for that matter…Whitson’s close friends included retired general Curtis ‘Bombs Away’ LeMay as well as former Nazi intelligence officer Otto Skorzeny, and mobster Charlie Baron. He also knew just about everyone connected to the murders…The possibility that a CIA spook was involved in the Manson murders was tantalizing, but it didn’t amount to a coherent narrative that could completely supplant the Helter Skelter motive, so O’Neill kept digging."

This is probably the only quote from this source that I will definitely use in the paper, like the CIA source and the Guardian source, this was mostly used as a background source to give me info about generally what happened and to get me thinking as I read and annotated, as such this is likely the only formal note I will have for this source. As for the quote itself, it's about Reeve Whitson, a supposed CIA operative who was eerily close to the Manson Murders. This should probably be the second piece of evidence in my second body paragraph, this is what made O'Neill consider the CIA as an option for the so called "powerful agency" involved with the case.

Ward, Justin. “Was Charles Manson a CIA Lab Rat?” _Medium_, Medium, 10 Dec. 2019, justinward.medium.com/was-charles-manson-a-cia-lab-rat-42f167277a05. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023.