"O’Neill first accuses the prosecutor Vince Bugliosi of tampering with witnesses; Bugliosi, who turned his courtroom assault on Manson into a lucrative book, retaliates by threatening to sue the virtually penniless O’Neill for a hundred million dollars and smearing him as a gay paedophile. The next teasing trail of evidence persuades O’Neill that FBI agents colluded with the district attorney, presumably because J Edgar Hoover’s bureau saw Manson and his gaggle of sex slaves as countercultural brutes who deserved to be exterminated."

Again, like the medium and CIA sources, this source was largely used as a background source and as such this may be the only formal note from this source. Additionally, even if it isn't the only note for this source, it is the only one whose contents may make it into the paper. Bugliosi's immediate and volatile reaction to being accused of corruption may actually end up being evidence of [[Bugliosi's Corruption]]. The idea that someone who is innocent would react like this is simply unbelievable. Also, I haven't seen any other sources that note that O'Neill investigated a connection between the FBI and Bugliosi, that means this is either exceedingly unlikely (ie he couldn't find any evidence, even smn circumstantial), or it wasn't considered important. This is something to look into, if there was even circumstantial evidence then this is worth mentioning in the 2nd body paragraph.

Conrad, Peter. “Chaos: Charles Manson, the CIA and the Secret History of the Sixties by Tom O’Neill with Dan Piepenbring – Review.” _The Guardian_, 7 July 2019, www.theguardian.com/books/2019/jul/07/chaos-charles-manson-cia-secret-history-sixties-tom-oneill-dan-piepenbring-review. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023.