"O’Neill’s research uncovered a litany of problems and unanswered questions about the conduct of the investigation that might, had they been brought to light sooner, have justified a re-trial, according to one of Bugliosi’s associates in the DA’s office…O’Neill’s scrupulous catalogue of the myriad omissions in Bugliosi’s case certainly paints an unflattering picture of the entire process and of many of those involved…O’Neill’s narrative is never uninteresting. His research has raised legitimate questions about the investigation and prosecution of these notorious crimes, and the actions of a number of people, from the district attorney’s office to the sheriff’s department; from the associates and relatives of the victims to the perpetrators. However compelling his determination to follow every last thread, O’Neill has not written a “secret history” of the 1960s, unless the secrets are those certain individuals wished to keep for their own reasons. The author cannot definitively tie Manson to MKULTRA or CHAOS; he can only imply it on circumstantial evidence. At least, in the end, he has the grace to acknowledge it." 

The agency's official response to the situation [[Bugliosi's Corruption]], and that even one of his own colleagues say his actions are grounds for a re-trial. Additionally, Officer C highlights the fact that the evidence O'Neill gathered with regard to Manson having ties with the CIA and/or MKUltra is purely circumstantial and that even O'Neill himself acknowledges this. This quote is really the only evidence to disprove the theory simply because there is no specific evidence against it other than the lack of evidence which this quote does a great job of stating. Additionally it brings up Bugliosi and his actions which is likely going to be most of the 3rd paragraph's contents, offering evidence that explains the weirdness about the case in a different way. That's what's most useful about this source in terms of writing the essay, otherwise it was a background research source. 

C., Leslie. “Studies in Intelligence Vol 65, No. 3 - Review: Chaos: Charles Manson, the CIA, and the Secret History of the Sixties.” _Central Intelligence Agency_, Central Intelligence Agency, Sept. 2021, www.cia.gov/resources/csi/studies-in-intelligence/volume-65-no-3-september-2021-special-issue/review-chaos-charles-manson-the-cia-and-the-secret-history-of-the-sixties. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023.