"The easiest thing for me to do is just say that I found a lot of evidence that challenges the official narrative and present it in the book, but I leave readers to draw their own conclusions because I didn't feel, despite twenty years of reporting, that I'd proven definitively one way or the other how something -- and *why* something -- happened. The only thing I feel comfortable saying, that I proved beyond a reasonable doubt, is that the facts that were presented to the public are not true. And, in the case of the prosecution of Charles Manson and the Manson Family, many things were, in fact, deliberately lied about."

The journalist who originally formed the theory that Manson was "an MKUltra experiment gone right" and the one who gathered almost ALL of the evidence used by conspiracy theorists to prove their version of events says very plainly here that he does not believe he proved any of his theories definitely. The only thing he says he proved is that many of the facts were lied about, which he was definitely right about, the evidence he gathered seems to prove [[Bugliosi's Corruption]]. That said, if even the progenitor of this Manson MKUltra theory (and the collector of all the evidence) believes that nothing he found is concrete then how can anyone say that the theory is true based solely on O'Neill's evidence and nothing more? 

O’Neill, Tom, and Anonymous (“Jacobin”). “The Manson Murders May Have Something to Do With CIA Mind-Control Experiments.” Jacobin, 3 May 2023, jacobin.com/2023/05/the-manson-murders-may-have-something-to-do-with-cia-mind-control-experiments. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023. 