
"Smith, by bending rules and working as an advocate, shielded him and anyone within Manson’s orbit from going to prison. Smith intervened repeatedly, keeping the Family clan essentially immune from the law… In the summer of ’68…Manson ordered his girls to visit Ukiah…The women were arrested on predictable charges:  drug possession and  transportation, furnishing drugs to minors, sex with minors, and assorted parole violations. All would be considered serious felonies even today, but in 1968 the crimes rocked Ukiah. Enter Roger Smith.  Now retired, Smith pulled strings, moved mountains, wrote letters on Federal Parole Office stationery on behalf of Manson’s associates (who were not then and had never been parolees of Smith) and even drove to Ukiah to speak on their behalf. His efforts paid off. Mendocino County Superior Court Judge Robert Winslow patted the defendants gently upon their wrists before turning them loose to go on their merry murderous ways.  Manson knew Smith would fix the problems, so he’d remained in LA."

Smith had absolutely no business using his power in this way. It's blatant overreach, they weren't his parolees ever, they weren't his friends or family, he didn't even know them. This is very clearly corruption evidence. See [[Roger Smith's Corruption]] for connected information.

Hine, Tom. “Assignment: Ukiah – Charlie Manson and, Inevitably, Ukiah.” _The Ukiah Daily Journal_, The Ukiah Daily Journal, 21 Nov. 2021, www.ukiahdailyjournal.com/2021/11/21/charlie-manson-and-inevitably-ukiah/. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023.