"Bugliosi was a very brilliant, ambitious deputy district attorney who saw this as his launching pad to a career. He wanted to be district attorney of Los Angeles, then move on to either attorney general or governor. I believe he even had presidential aspirations -- and he also wanted to be wealthy, God bless him. He had a coauthor in the courtroom even before the trial began, though nobody knew about it at the time. One of Bugliosi's co-prosecutors said he had his coauthor, Curt Gentry, in the front row every single day taking notes for the book they were working on together."

Bugliosi's obvious exceedingly lofty aspirations and the greed he exhibited often breed corruption in positions of power. Bugliosi also clearly had plans for his Helter Skelter book before the case had even gone to trial as he already had a coauthor picked out and had him taking notes from the first day of trial all the way through to the end (i.e. he and his coauthor began working on the book in depth while Bugliosi was even done preparing manson's case for trial, they could have even already had the deal for the book). It's possible that the reason that Bugliosi pushed the Helter Skelter theory so hard was to keep his book on track. This would also be a likely reason behind him burying or manipulating evidence. All in all, the fact he was working on that book, along with the disbelief in Helter Skelter as a motive by the rest of the DA's office seem so far to suggest that Bugliosi was corrupt. 

O’Neill, Tom, and Anonymous (“Jacobin”). “The Manson Murders May Have Something to Do With CIA Mind-Control Experiments.” _Jacobin_, 3 May 2023, jacobin.com/2023/05/the-manson-murders-may-have-something-to-do-with-cia-mind-control-experiments. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023.