"In an interview with me, he said, while looking through all the information on Manson’s get-out-of-jail-free-card, 'You can often blame things like this on bureaucratic red tape or incompetency. But what you’re showing me here is a pattern — and it’s a joke. It’s clear they deliberately wanted him out of jail and free.' He says, 'I can’t tell you why this happened, but it isn’t a mistake. Somebody wanted him out there. And what you need to do is find out who it was.' Was it the FBI? Was it the sheriff’s department? The LAPD? Some powerful agency didn’t want him behind bars"

This would be a great quote to use to start the second paragraph. O'Neill basically takes this judge saying "someone is keeping this guy out of jail" (ie a singular someone) and blows it out of proportion to say "it's a powerful agency". I also think that since this is kind of where O'Neill really started to have his conspiracy senses start to tingle it makes sense to use it as the first piece of evidence in the paragraph about his evidence in the theory. This is basically the thing that started the whole rabbit hole, he took this as evidence of a "powerful agency" protecting Manson and so then he started searching for what "powerful agency" that could be.

Neill, Tom, and Anonymous (“Jacobin”). “The Manson Murders May Have Something to Do With CIA Mind-Control Experiments.” Jacobin, 3 May 2023, jacobin.com/2023/05/the-manson-murders-may-have-something-to-do-with-cia-mind-control-experiments. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023. 