"That was one of my early revelations when I was able to get access to Manson's parole file after a couple of years' worth of Freedom of Information Act requests to the Federal Bureau of Prisons and the US Parole Commission. It was more than Manson having a lenient parole officer during the two years that he spent evolving from Manson the ex-con, who had been a fly on the wall his whole life, to this guru who could get people to kill for him. During the first year, he basically did whatever he wanted with the *blessing* of his parole officer, who would look the other way while he was recruiting underage women to follow him and steal for him. He was arrested a few times that year. Roger Smith, his parole officer, should have recommended parole revocation and sent him back to prison, but he never did. Instead, he wrote to his superiors in Washington, DC, and tried to get Manson to be allowed to go live in Mexico, where obviously he couldn't be supervised. They thought Roger was crazy. I have their letters back, basically saying, 'This man gives us no reason to think that he's not going to continue committing crimes without supervision. How can we do this to Mexico?'"

Roger Smith was obviously corrupt and purposefully enabling Manson by removing any obstacles in Manson's path in whatever ways he could. This example from this source is just the tip of the Iceberg, other sources go more in depth on Smith's corrupt actions and give much more disgusting and gruesome examples. The question is though, did Smith do all of this of his own free will for his own reasons or was he brainwashed just like The Family was?

O’Neill, Tom, and Anonymous (“Jacobin”). “The Manson Murders May Have Something to Do With CIA Mind-Control Experiments.” _Jacobin_, 3 May 2023, jacobin.com/2023/05/the-manson-murders-may-have-something-to-do-with-cia-mind-control-experiments. Accessed 3 Nov. 2023.
